hello okay this is going to be a quick
one today
you hear so much about I have to kind of
dispel a myth or I think this is a myth
you hear so many people talking about
how technology today is ruining kids and
ruining our culture and nobody
communicates and nobody talks
um I don't know for me I'm texting and
communicating and Facebooking and
tweeting all day long but
um but anyway regardless
I'm my son who's middle school or a
sixth grader wait this Fitbit does not
go out here it goes from here
um
and it was funny because he his grades
are kind of slipping a little bit the
last couple weeks of school I mean still
A's and B's but you know it's an 88 as
opposed to a 91 or this kind of thing
well my husband feels as though
it's because kids have all of these
gadgets and electronic devices then they
have their iPads and their phones and
all of this and that's kind of true but
I don't know I mean I sort of have a
bone to pick with this whole idea that
well when we were kids or Joshua's at
that way you'd play out in the yard and
you know you'd plow a field and all of
this with your friends
I don't know
um no we didn't have cell phones no we
didn't have iPads but yeah we passed
notes uh yes we were on the phone with
our friends talking about the boy in
class and wanting to know if he likes us
which from what she heard from so and so
apparently he does but then she has a
caller and check and then call back and
get back to us and of course there was
no call waiting there was that you know
that ubiquitous busy signal remember the
Busy Signal er
uh well anyway
that is what I think I think you know
there are articles and I know there are
studies conducted on this whole thing
and that people don't communicate and
people don't connect and you know people
are too distracted and that it's so
different today
I don't think so I think
I think people are people I think we are
no different than we were years ago uh
yes I think we have more options in the
way of yoga pants Kohl's twelve dollars
wait squirrel
yeah okay so I get a little distracted
too a little add as an adult but I think
we do still connect I do think that
people still communicate and they sense
something because we're beings of energy
we're Souls right and I feel as though
it's no different I think that instead
of passing notes or instead of you know
waiting to make sure there isn't a busy
signal or do you remember a party line
do you guys are you old enough to know
what a party line is no I don't mean a
900 number
um which is also ancient history but no
no a party line when you share your
phone line with that of the neighbors of
Ethel down the street or Myrtle or
whatever the hell her name was
um
yeah and they're gossiping back then you
know whatever C'est La Vie baby it's all
the same
but I just wanted to say yeah I gotta go
in there and get my workout on but I
hate hearing people say or you know not
just my husband just people they say
well you know kids today there are too
many distractions and they have all this
technology at their fingertips and yeah
you know it's a little different but
people are exactly the same we want to
be around people that excite us people
that make us happy and I think we do
swing there's a text coming across my
phone I think technology has nothing to
do with it morning Leanne I'll be with
you in a second dear oh or maybe that
was a toilet a tweet I'm the twitch okay
well um
that's it that's just my thought my two
cents for whatever it's worth and
apparently not much but uh there it is
have a good day and
um I'll see you on Facebook
bye